you guys what's up
sorry I've been on a little while really
just excuse me having a having anything
to really make a video but you guys
about but I got a bunch of stuff coming
in this week and I've been working on
that other AR project and I've got some
of it done but I'll wait to show you
what I've got for another video but
anyway Urban Tigers made a bunch of
videos recently showing you guys
basically how to make fake like fake
light mags mad cuz it look like bakelite
and I went to what a country a couple of
weeks ago much about a week to go and
notice they had some ak74 mags which are
becoming like rocking horse crap they're
almost impossible to find and ordered a
bunch and I got one of these polish mags
which looks brand new which is awesome
and I got two of these East German mags
that have been painted you guys can see
and well he's making fake light these
are real fake light so I'm gonna do is
gonna take these puppies outside after
making a quick stop at the local
hardware store and I'm gonna see if we
can get that crappy black paint off of
them and see what they look like
underneath it there if the bakelite is
gonna look all nice and I checked a
couple of sites online and apparently
bakelite is pretty tough as far as
chemicals you can use on it so I want to
put some stripper and a couple other
things on it and see how it goes and see
if I can't clean all this black paint
off and worst-case scenario doesn't work
and they this it looks like crap
the mags still gonna work I'll just get
a can of black Kryolan and spray in
black back over so uh you guys already
saw I already had one of these so this
works I might do that considering these
are about 10 to 15 dollars cheaper than
the regular big light mags this might be
a way to save you money if it works so
I'm going to go find out started working
on this but you guys might want to see
this this is what it looks like after
about 15 20 minutes
stripper sitting on it you can see it's
really really bubbling up and I started
peeling a little bit off yeah
seems to be coming off pretty decently
so while I'll clean this up and we'll
take a look at it and see how they're
doing oh yeah look at that that's just a
20 minute application a five minute
application I just scraped a little bit
off with an exacto knife look at that
didn't hurt the bakelite got almost all
it off and it's just one side I got to
do the other side and the front in the
back but so far big improvement alright
so here's how we did this is how I
originally looked when I got him
you guys saw earlier in the video look
like just like this yes this is the
exact same type of mag I just haven't
taken the paint off of this one it's
actually saving it for just this video
so I'll strip the paint later these are
the two we just did right here and this
is an original 100% cleaned off factory
bakelite mag so they'd turn out too bad
only thing I would say is if you're
doing this take off the floor plates
because the stripper will obviously eat
the paint off the floor plate as you
guys saw in the video they hardly looked
like this they were all pretty bratty
missing most the pain anyway so uh I was
gonna paint him actually when I was out
there but I'm not a gloss black all I
had was flat black so running the which
he calls it blows or home-improvement
store and grab some gloss black and a
couple days and paint the bottoms but
just want to show you guys what it is if
you see these painted mags go ahead and
grab them you want bakelite it just
takes about 20 minutes and you might
have to go over with a little bit of
sandpaper the hardest part actually was
cleaning the spines on these it just did
not want to come off there so I'd take a
little sandpaper to them clean them off
but yeah good enough for governor work
but yeah if you want some bakelite mags
and don't want these are only about 30
apiece and these are about 45 or 50 a
piece so you can save yourself a little
bit of money and it's the same exact
thing
hope that helps good luck finding him
now that I want to just checked before I
made this last part of the video and the
place I ordered and from had him last
week I ordered two of those and that
polish mag you guys saw me have and they
had about 20 of each and they're all
sold out again so the downside is that's
probably going to be the new price for
seventy four mags they used to be ten
bucks apiece I'd
probably won't ever see him that that
cheap again hopeful and I still haven't
found a saddle tan and firebrick read
Bulgarian one yet which I wanted to add
to my collection of it oh well alright
guys more videos to come
got a bunch of gun parts coming in this
week so as I said sorry for the long
delay just had anything to show you guys
until I got until today so I hope that
uh entertained you guys and I'll see you
later